index.md, before:

# Home

An overview of all things Fluid Dimensions. This is a pack that enhances and extends the end-game,
with new locations and mechanics to explore just outside of the vanilla dimensions.

## Features

See the [Features](/features) page to browse all the pack's features by category.

Fluid Dimensions brings:

- 2 new dimensions (Underridge - underworld-like, fairly packed; Upper Sky - quite empty and not very done yet).
 
- 1 custom 'stacks' structure in the Underridge.
 
- 1 new boss, summonable via the currently unobtainable item:
 
    `/function fluid_dimensions:give/stygian_iris`
 
- 3 new enemies: Cochineals (neutral unless you approach), Haunted Armour and Psirots.
 
- Over 17 new items, with unique uses, including mob drops, materials, and tools.
 
- 5 custom blocks, including a custom crafter found rarely in the stacks structure.
 
  Recipes exist for 'nulliron', an alloy material; crafting blocks from garnets and nulliron (and back); the nulliron armour set; the Universal Altimeter and the Void Veil. A custom GUI makes it almost seamless with vanilla expectations.
 
- 1 custom armour set, with fully working rendered model on players, armour stands etc. No brown leather kneecaps like regular dyed pieces!
 
- Travel between dimensions by flying, falling, and 'tunnelling' through bedrock - without breaking it - (Nadir Tunneller only available via the give command for now:
 
    `/function fluid_dimensions:give/nadir_tunneller`
 
- Navigate 5 characterful yet very hostile biomes in the Underridge, with 30 custom decoration and terrain building features. It can be a challenge even in endgame!
 
- Will soon hopefully be an MCD Certified Datapack, following optional style guidelines.
 
- Original assets for all custom items, blocks and mobs in the required resource pack.

## Download

Go to [Download](/docs/download) to download the pack for yourself.

## Uninstall

If you would do such a thing... make sure to run `/function fluid_dimensions:uninstall`
to safely disable features __before__ disabling the datapack. You can then remove the datapack
and resource pack, but you may be left with useless items which you can destroy yourself.

## Contact

To get in touch with either myself or other players, you can join the Discord Server below or DM me @DylzDC#6906.

<iframe src="https://discord.com/widget?id=868522267775234078&theme=dark" width="600" height="350" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-same-origin allow-scripts"></iframe>

Commit message:

fix iris text on index

index.md, after:

# Home

An overview of all things Fluid Dimensions. This is a pack that enhances and extends the end-game,
with new locations and mechanics to explore just outside of the vanilla dimensions.

## Features

See the [Features](/features) page to browse all the pack's features by category.

Fluid Dimensions brings:

- 2 new dimensions (Underridge - underworld-like, fairly packed; Upper Sky - quite empty and not very done yet).
 
- 1 custom 'stacks' structure in the Underridge.
 
- 1 new boss, summonable with the Stygian Iris, dropped by Psirots. Give command:
 
    `/function fluid_dimensions:give/stygian_iris`
 
- 3 new enemies: Cochineals (neutral unless you approach), Haunted Armour and Psirots.
 
- Over 17 new items, with unique uses, including mob drops, materials, and tools.
 
- 5 custom blocks, including a custom crafter found rarely in the stacks structure.
 
  Recipes exist for 'nulliron', an alloy material; crafting blocks from garnets and nulliron (and back); the nulliron armour set; the Universal Altimeter and the Void Veil. A custom GUI makes it almost seamless with vanilla expectations.
 
- 1 custom armour set, with fully working rendered model on players, armour stands etc. No brown leather kneecaps like regular dyed pieces!
 
- Travel between dimensions by flying, falling, and 'tunnelling' through bedrock - without breaking it - Nadir Tunneller only available via the give command for now:
 
    `/function fluid_dimensions:give/nadir_tunneller`
 
- Navigate 5 characterful yet very hostile biomes in the Underridge, with 30 custom decoration and terrain building features. It can be a challenge even in endgame!
 
- Will soon hopefully be an MCD Certified Datapack, following optional style guidelines.
 
- Original assets for all custom items, blocks and mobs in the required resource pack.

## Download

Go to [Download](/docs/download) to download the pack for yourself.

## Uninstall

If you would do such a thing... make sure to run `/function fluid_dimensions:uninstall`
to safely disable features __before__ disabling the datapack. You can then remove the datapack
and resource pack, but you may be left with useless items which you can destroy yourself.

## Contact

To get in touch with either myself or other players, you can join the Discord Server below or DM me @DylzDC#6906.

<iframe src="https://discord.com/widget?id=868522267775234078&theme=dark" width="600" height="350" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-same-origin allow-scripts"></iframe>
